Trang, the following is your numerology report:

Your life path number is 2. Life path number defines limitations or possibilities in life and gives insights to the direction you'll take and the decisions that will affect the life you lead.


You are all about love. People with life path 2 love to find and maintain balance. They are natural peacemakers and tend to be drawn towards service to others.

Often they are too self-sacrificing and struggle to find balance in life when it comes to valuing themselves as much as others. People with this life path number tend to be somewhat reserved and quiet. They have excellent listening skills and tend to be very drawn to music.

It is very important for them to get out and socialize. A number 2 who is isolated courts pessimism, lethargy and depression.

The company you keep (5%): Tony Blaire, Barrack Obama, Madonna, Amelia Earhart, Tim Burton, Sarah Brightman


Your birth day number is 3. Birth day number defines your very special talent or strength that greatly facilitates the fulfillment of your destiny.


Three people are natural artists and love to express themselves creatively in a variety of forms. Three people are inspiring and display great enthusiasm.

Three people have great imagination and vision and are also sharp and able to pick up on subtle details.


Challenge numbers define four life cycles and the related challenges that one has to work to grow through, tendencies and obstacles that will pop up during those cycles. When faced with honesty, these numbers can lend great insight into areas for self improvement and personal growth.

Four numbers represent: 1) from birth to approximately age 35; 2) from 35 to approximately 60; 3) primary challenge that one faces throughout life; and 4) from 60 to end of life.


Your first challenge number is 5, which is from birth to approximately age 35.


The 5 as a challenge indicates a high degree of impulsiveness and reckless behavior. The 5 is the number for freedom and adventure, but as a challenge, it can indicate a need to tone it down a bit and to attain some discipline and foresight.


Your second challenge number is 6, which is from approximately age 35 to approximately age 60.


People with a 6 challenge struggle with perfectionism. They demand too much of themselves and often those around them. As a result, they can come off as cynical, too authoritarian, and too critical.

People with this challenge need to learn to lighten up a bit, and unconditional love and acceptance of both self and others are their lessons.


Your third challenge number is 1, which represents the primary challenge that one faces throughout life.


The challenge with 1 is learning to exert your independence and speak out authentically. 1 people tend to struggle with the need for approval from others from which they base their own sense of self-worth.

The challenge is to value oneself enough to be unique.


Your fourth (and final) challenge number is 1, which from approximately age 60 to end of life.


The challenge with 1 is learning to exert your independence and speak out authentically. 1 people tend to struggle with the need for approval from others from which they base their own sense of self-worth.

The challenge is to value oneself enough to be unique.


Your personal year number is 2. Personal year number gives insight into what surrounds you for this year cycle and represents various themes and events that will likely occur for you during the year (from your birthday until your next birthday).


A personal year 2 indicates slow but steady growth, with patience and persistence required. you may find yourself in competition with others at this time or that you have to work harder to resolve conflicts or find creative solutions to challenges.

This can also indicate feeling at a bit of crossroads or some uncertainty. It's important not to let it undermine your goals.


Your expression (destiny) number is 7. Expression number describes your inherent traits and natural talents. It defines your highest potential and how to make the most of your experience in this life.


People with 7 expression number are very intuitive, intelligent - the seekers of truth and understanding. Seven people tend to be rather introverted and require a great deal of 'personal space' in order to thrive.

Seven people are motivated in life by a need for greater understanding and are often drawn to philosophical, spiritual, and/or metaphysical pursuits in their quest for deeper meaning.


Your soul urge number is 2. Soul urge number defines your reason for being and what gives you true fulfillment - your very essence or heart's desire.


Your soul urge is to be admired and loved by all. The height of personal gratification for you is to be desired by a special someone. You have an enormous faith in other people, and if they do let you down, you tend to behave as if it's the end of the world.

One of your soul challenges is to realize that only the divine is perfect, and others are not god-like in their actions.


Your personality number is 5. Personality number defines how you present yourself to the public and how others perceive you.


Five personalities are community leaders who take an active interest socially and love to be involved with others. They are adventurous, highly passionate people who love to travel and immerse themselves in different cultures.

Five people are seen as stimulating, interesting, but not always the most reliable or dependable. They tend to do their own thing on their own time.


Your hidden passion number is 7. Hidden passion number defines your greatest natural talents, strengths and motivations. They are strengths that are readily available to you, that you can easily develop and use throughout your life.


Seven people are naturally intuitive and highly intelligent. They are the thinkers who seek the deeper meanings behind experience and are often drawn to philosophy, metaphysics, psychology and any area that explores the subconscious or hidden truths. Seven people are often sought out for their insight and keen understanding.


Your karmic number is 5. Karmic number reflects your subconscious and highlights your deepest fears and insecurities. It shows you what you need to work to overcome during this lifetime.

It gives insights into hopes and dreams, as well as fears, to show you where to focus your energy for spiritual growth.


The 5 karmic number points to a tendency towards overindulgence and addiction. It is very important for people with this karmic number to learn the true meaning of moderation and to avoid excesses in life which can quickly grow out of control.


Cornerstone gives insight into how you approach challenges in life and how you master situations. Capstone gives insight into how you make transitions in your life, how you finish projects or move from one thing into another.

Your cornerstone (T): 

You are highly sensitive and emotional which gives your life complexity and depth, but it can also result in your sometimes being hurt too easily.

Your capstone (G): 

You are an independent person with a strong work ethic. You have strong focus, determination, and are very self-reliant.


The following section represents the various numbers as it relates to your common (nick) name.

While the related numbers as it relates to your birth name represents your overall destiny, the numbers as it relates to your common (nick) name represents how you present yourself or how others perceive you.

Your expression (destiny) number is 6. Expression number describes your inherent traits and natural talents. It defines your highest potential and how to make the most of your experience in this life.


Six people are driven by a strong sense of duty and often put others ahead of themselves. They are called often to careers that allow them to help others - counselors, health care fields, teaching, etc.

People with a 6 expression number tend to measure their own sense of self-worth based on what they do for others. They need to be careful to not be too overprotective and to allow others the freedom to make their own choices in life.


Your soul urge number is 8. Soul urge number defines your reason for being and what gives you true fulfillment - your very essence or heart's desire.


Your soul urge is to 'go forth and multiply' especially when it comes to family dynasties and aggregating wealth. The highest expression of your soul urge number is when you are in power and improving the lives of those that work for you or love you. You support anything that brings beauty, meaning and profit to the world.

The challenge of this number is to realize that 'money isn't everything'.


Your personality number is 7. Personality number defines how you present yourself to the public and how others perceive you.


The 7 personality tends to be somewhat introverted. They are keenly observant and highly intelligent. This ability to 'see through' people, coupled with their intelligence/observation skills, can make them intimidating to others initially. Seven people are seekers of truth, highly opinionated, but always looking for the greater wisdom in all experience.

People often see them as wise or 'old souls'.


Your hidden passion number is 7. Hidden passion number defines your greatest natural talents, strengths and motivations. They are strengths that are readily available to you, that you can easily develop and use throughout your life.


Seven people are naturally intuitive and highly intelligent. They are the thinkers who seek the deeper meanings behind experience and are often drawn to philosophy, metaphysics, psychology and any area that explores the subconscious or hidden truths. Seven people are often sought out for their insight and keen understanding.


Your karmic number is 7. Karmic number reflects your subconscious and highlights your deepest fears and insecurities. It shows you what you need to work to overcome during this lifetime.

It gives insights into hopes and dreams, as well as fears, to show you where to focus your energy for spiritual growth.


The 7 karmic lesson number speaks of developing more spiritually and coming to a place where you feel ready and able to seek your own truth without being swayed by the judgements of others.


Cornerstone gives insight into how you approach challenges in life and how you master situations. Capstone gives insight into how you make transitions in your life, how you finish projects or move from one thing into another.

Your cornerstone (T): 

You are highly sensitive and emotional which gives your life complexity and depth, but it can also result in your sometimes being hurt too easily.

Your capstone (G): 

You are an independent person with a strong work ethic. You have strong focus, determination, and are very self-reliant.


For relationship purposes, life path numbers are reduced to single digits (e.g., master numbers 11 and 22 are reduced to 2 and 4, respectively).


     Very good combination: 2, 4 and 8
     OK combination: 1, 3 and 6
     Could go either way: 7
     Challenging combination: 5 and 9

